Fix link for community notebooks (#17602)
huggingface/transformers: notebooks/README.md

## Community notebooks:

> More notebooks developed by the community are available [here](../../main/docs/source/en/community.mdx).

Reviewer: This should be the fully link to the doc page as this is converted in a doc page as well and the relative link will then fail. Also, we should keep the anchor.
```suggestion
More notebooks developed by the community are available [here](https:hf.co/docs/transformers/community#community-notebooks).
```
